(MUSIC PLAYING)
HILL: Wanda and Pietro Maximoff. Twins.
Orphaned at ten when a shell
collapsed their apartment building.
(BOMB EXPLODING)
HILL: File says they volunteered
for Strucker's experiments.
STRUCKER: It's not a world
of spies anymore.
Not even a world of heroes.
This is the age of miracles, Doctor.
There's nothing more horrifying
than a miracle.
ULTRON: I have what the Avengers
never will. Harmony.
You and I can hurt them.
But you...
will tear them apart.
(GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
You were pulling your punches.
Mr. Stark would like to avoid the
possibility of another public incident.
And what do you want?
For people to see you...
as I do.
BARTON: If you step out that door...
you are an Avenger.
VISION: Tell me what you feel.
I just feel you.
(SCREAMS)
Give up the stone, and she lives.
Hands off.
They can't stop him, Wanda, but we can.
I can't.
VISION: If he gets this stone,
half the Universe dies.
It shouldn't be you, but it is.
No!
What are we looking at here?
Is it an alternate reality?
Time travel?
Some cockamamie social experiment?
It's a sitcom.
1950s, 1960s, and now the '70s.
Why does it keep switching time periods?
And I can't believe
Wanda and Vision are having a baby.
-Time to start pushing. You ready?
-Oh!
-Push, Wanda. Push!
-(GRUNTING)
(BABY CRYING)
DARCY: Twins.
What a twist.
(BABY CRYING)
They finally fell asleep.
VISION: They're empty.
Mommy?
Daddy?
-Wait, now, hang on there a minute...
-Wait, no, no, no.
-...you young whippersnappers.
-No, no, no!
Oh!
Let's just hope this dog
stays the same size.
Our initial theory had Wanda Maximoff
as one of many victims.
We now know
she is the principal victimizer.
Jimmy. Jimmy, do you see that?
Something's happening!
It's moving! Go, go!
WANDA: This will be your only warning.
Stay out of my home.
You've taken an entire town hostage.
I'm not the one with the guns, Director.
But you are the one in control.
MONICA: He's gonna burn Westview to
the ground just to get what he wants.
Don't let him make you the villain.
Maybe I already am.
Wanda, you have to...
Young lady, I think you overstayed
your welcome.
Poor Wanda's been through enough.
Would you like a cup of tea, hon?
-Sure. Thank you, Agnes.
-Okay.
Sit down.
Where are the twins?
Oh! They're probably just playing
in the basement.
(DOOR CREAKS)
Tommy?
Billy?
AGATHA: Wanda, Wanda.
You didn't think you were the only
magical girl in town, did you?
(GROANS)
(GRUNTS)
I tried to be gentle,
to nudge you awake
from this ridiculous fantasy,
but you would rather fall apart
than face your truth.
-BILLY: Mom! Please!
-(BOTH GRUNTING)
You have no idea how dangerous you are.
This is Chaos Magic, Wanda.
That makes you the Scarlet Witch.
I'm not a witch. I don't cast spells.
No one taught me magic!
AGATHA: Your power exceeds
that of the Sorcerer Supreme.
It's your destiny to destroy the world.
(YELLING)
Go! All of you, now. Go!
(STRAINING)
BILLY: Mom!
-AGATHA: Now, do you see?
-Mom!
You tied your family
to this twisted world,
and now one can't exist without the other.
-Mom!
(STRAINING)
AGATHA: Give me your power and I will
correct the flaws in your original spell.
And you and your family
can all live together in peace.
AGATHA: Runes.
"In a given space, only the witch
who cast them can use her magic."
Thanks for the lesson...
But I don't need you to tell me who I am.
AGATHA: You have no idea
what you've unleashed.
I should've told you everything.
-The moment I realized what I had done.
-It's all right, Wanda.
I know you'll set everything right.
Just not for us.
WANDA: No.
Not for us.